Sicilian key number 78 in a similar out-of-stock blue-red dress
after 4 years also the fans of the Palermo return to Catania that the fifth
a foretaste - counter-attack nocerina hernandez at the end of madness
whistling just above the pan ducal crossbar the catania makes the match on
palermo
when he tries also with the solutions from the great distance in this case and
bacinovic and who goes with the right vat surprised to send the goalkeeper lucky
of Catania because the conclusion of the Slovenian
ends on the bottom it is a few minutes later and still bacinovic and what not
frames the mirror of the catanese door not palermo that tried
also with solutions on inactive ball. after scares when why
he gets along with a shudder and with the grip in the middle of time
catania who plays just started with regards to the bad dribble
regarding the concreteness in the first time kangen script
to the fourth of the resumption fresh water from suicide of small pools that risks
back pass with milk and scary gallotti rigo
that fails to intervene only ball there is no deviation of praise e
author roofs to leaps as shown by these images sirigu out
time for insertion by pulling you makler now access and jump costs in
contents however a palermo ball
palermo that swirls cold rice at speed in the open field for the
catagna qui carbonia - lazio netti and maxi lopez a
assists a bergessio run controls the shot the deviation is decisive
of the desperate split of a fist in order to dirty the ball in a corner
palermo tries to react with the favorite ninja in the eleven holder to shepherd
conclusion of the owl omitted for a corner from the TV deviation and u care
also pastor enters
to try to increase the offensive weight hotel in palermo that rests
but all about your fantastic combination hernandez india pin
hernandez ends the flight and with the left ball that ends on
a thrill for the fans of the catagna that just in the moment of
greater effort of the palermo finds the counterattack and is from 2 to 0 invents dream
elite xt concreteness
gonzalo rubén a berghessio for his second chorus careers in and serious
fair player on loan from the holy clear January vampire
coldness
on the pearl of e rikki tikki to eat the land defense in Palermo with one
box we didn't have ie8 we don't get it out sirigu and it's 2 to 0
palermo finds itself clinging to lecce with the percussion of pinelli a
maybe tripped alvarez lets play ball bullets coming on the right
of balzaretti
conclusions beaten in a corner enters ledesma instead of the ground floor
but the penis is immediately seen in the script of the match apple lallazione t & a
skeleton the insertion that sees sma works from the back to the door
maxi lopez and to hear repulsed pina telematico newspaper opportunism puts
inside deceased tichet fans for the catagna with which it is a relationship
controversial for two years now 2 years as serious choline abstinence not
marked from March 1, 2009 in the Barbera derby against a Palermo back to
mark one of the protagonists against the rosanero pablo ledesma pesce
of the first part of the tender
praise enters another game of fish that you do to immediately see this rope
deep assistant for a papuc I put the conclusion too narrow for
frames the door mirror too deep to become a maxi taxi driver
lopez once again strike the defense of the Palermo if one
verticalization of marquis that finds in the space fish fish anna time of
take aim and calibrate the lobster of red farmsteads the exit in
sirigu delay and the first goal to load the simone fish farm
the third season I say those made in Italian cup against parese
eeeh brescia hey total triumph for the catania trying to increase
further iva bottino con is the solution from the distance vito to pouco
right mass ending on the bottom with also a deviation e4a 0 catania as
March 1, 2009 to the barbera con e simeone that hails the first derby
maximino crowd the catania rises to +5 on the third to last place for the palermo
now only the Italian cup counts